

Full-stack Developer
GESSULAT/GESSULAT GmbH & Co. KG
Sep 2018 – Feb 20196 months

Munich Area, Germany

Gessulat it's a digital creative agency based in München. My role was to support IT department due company restructuring process, I joined the company in taff times and support development processes and existing projects till they found a new direction. Projects were based on Wordpress, Typo3, Shopify, and Symfony


Full-stack Developer
Synergetics DCS, Inc.
Jun 2015 – Aug 20183 years 3 months

Ukraine

Works with different projects, manage complex systems, builds a continuous integration/delivery system and agile development process, Linux admin, git, Selenium/Codeception, Docker, TDD, use Amazon & Digitalocean environments...

PHP: Usually backend(API) PHP with or without frameworks (Laravel, Yii2, Zend…)
JS: Use node and webpack to build frontend, have experience with react and vuejs
DB: Developing and optimizing data structures based on No/MS/MySql


Project Manager
D'Ori Beaute
Sep 2014 – Apr 20158 months

Ukraine

Working in Agile environment. Doing researching and analysis before planning a new product. Definition of a product roadmap, documentation, high-level requirements, product specification, user stories, user flows (JIRA & Confluence). Working with art artifacts and UI mock-ups (wireframing and prototyping in collaboration with Design team).


PHP Developer
Vintage Design
Apr 2014 – Sep 20146 months

Kiev

Developing creative web applications using PHP, JS, CSS, Jquery, Yii/Yii2 Frameworks, Vagrant, LEMP, LAMP, ORM, API`s, Zend Framework, Zend Server. Working with UI/UX designers to make performance and eCommerce web sites


Web Developer
WebWay
Nov 2012 – Mar 20141 year 5 months

Odessa

Working in a team of developers, for the Ireland customers using PHP frameworks CodeIgniter(EE, BR), Yii, Simple, for build app`s. Writing modules, widgets, plug-ins for new and existing projects on Jumla, Wordpress. Support for older projects, adding new functionality. Using: PHP, Windows Azure, MS SQL/Azure SQL, IIS, JavaScript (jQuery/APIS), HTM/ CSS, Google APIS (Maps, Geolocation, Plaices), Facebook APIS (Open Graph API / FQL Query), SVN Assembla. Mobile dev:...

Working in a team of developers, for the Ireland customers using PHP frameworks CodeIgniter(EE, BR), Yii, Simple, for build app`s. Writing modules, widgets, plug-ins for new and existing projects on Jumla, Wordpress. Support for older projects, adding new functionality. Using: PHP, Windows Azure, MS SQL/Azure SQL, IIS, JavaScript (jQuery/APIS), HTM/ CSS, Google APIS (Maps, Geolocation, Plaices), Facebook APIS (Open Graph API / FQL Query), SVN Assembla. Mobile dev: phonegap/cordova(android/ios/web app`s)


System Administrator
Ciklum
Sep 2009 – May 20122 years 9 months

Entering employees in the company Ciklum, provide and set up working stations, managing accounts, explanation of rules and company policies.
Process scheduling for building workflow. Ongoing user support(JIRA/Kayako), implementation of new projects for information security systems(cisco ASA), conference communication(cisco/Radvision/Asterisk), storage servers and data processing, monitoring, consulting developers.
Build networks, support customers, maintenance servers and network...

Entering employees in the company Ciklum, provide and set up working stations, managing accounts, explanation of rules and company policies.
Process scheduling for building workflow. Ongoing user support(JIRA/Kayako), implementation of new projects for information security systems(cisco ASA), conference communication(cisco/Radvision/Asterisk), storage servers and data processing, monitoring, consulting developers.
Build networks, support customers, maintenance servers and network equipment.
Works for different companies as System Administrator
